What is up guys it won't come back.
So now in this study I'm going to be telling you about the godlings in downlinks and the images.
OK.
So there are there is a way to basically add an image to your website.
OK let's come here and let's see that this is the featured image right here that's going to come on
the top.
OK if I just open it up you can see this is right here.
This is a poster coming here.
OK.
And if I just add any feature the image is going to appear here.
So let's suppose that I want to add an image that is related to the WordPress website.
OK so I'm going to be going up for dislike files and I'm going to be selecting this one.
OK.
So what's it was that I selected this one.
And it's going to be uploaded right now.
And let's just go ahead and let's add it so you can see that if I just add it the image will be added
and everything will be done OK.
But before adding this image I have to make sure that this image is also assigned with the keywords.
I'm going to be selecting the title and the title is going to be WordPress website two thousand eighty.
OK.
And this is going to be WordPress Web site two thousand eighty.
Now this WordPress Web site 2018 in the alternate text is very important.
Guys the reason is that the behind the image if the image is not loading or if the server is down then
this alternatve text is going to appear and Google will see this image but Google will also see this
altering the text and it'll be marked as this image to be the keyword of this.
And if you have an extra key word and that is good for you.
So let's go out and let's hit said feature image and you can see this image is right here.
If you add the description as well then it's just good for you.
So I'm going to be coming here I'm going to be clicking this I'm going to be copying.
I'm going to be coming in I'm going to be posting here.
OK.
You don't have to add anything in the caption.
OK so if you want to add any caption You can add it but it totally depends upon you.
I'm going to be coming here.
I'm going to be clicking save draft.
I'm going to be coming here and I'm going to be refreshing this.
And I can see this image just right here as my featured image of my post.
OK.
If I just come here and I just go to inspect tell them and then you can see this images right here.
Let's suppose OK let's just imagine that this image is not loading.
OK.
There is an error with the image like like this image is not in the server.
So if this image is not in the server then this will be this will not load.
OK I'm going to be coming here.
Let me just come here and let me just change it.
OK.
Now I can see this image is gone.
So let's suppose that this image is gone by an error.
Ok so if this error appears then WordPress website it doesn't 18 is the alternate.
That is kind of up here.
So make sure that you add it and it will help you a lot because it is behind the image and it will be
marked as a keyword.
OK.
So I can see that we are doing the best keyboard stuffing if I just find it and I just search for word
press.
OK.
You can see the word press is used so many times here.
And WordPress website is also here.
So I am trying to rank the Wordpress Web site in my post.
OK.
So you can see how great it is.
So now you can see that we have got the basic idea of how an image is going to work.
And now let's talk about the inbound links and the outbound things.
OK.
So you must be seeing most of the pages.
They just say like go to the second page or something like that seemed like this if I just search for
Wordpress tutorials.
OK.
And I just open up this one.
And I also open up this one.
OK let's just open up this one.
So now here this is the site crown and you can see it.
These are the legs that are coming.
OK.
You can see this is a short post but still it is ranking as the most second board.
You can see the most common questions and are answered in our story of how install WordPress how to
do this.
There's this there's this and everything contains WordPress.
How this is work.
You can see that this link if I just click here it's going to take me to site ground but it's going
to take me to a new page.
OK.
And that pages ranking on top that has the most internal links.
So this is called Basically the internal links OK or the inbound links which means that you will take
your reader from your one single page to another page.
Ok Bridges's.
OK.
So if I click here you can see the cytosine the site round's site.
But I am being redirected to another page and that is related to WordPress as well.
So you can see we have this this this and so many.
Ok if I just click here how to optimize WordPress per prompt performance.
OK.
So this is all true right here.
Now you can see how this is looking.
This is going so amazing so this Web site has 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 14 outbound links Oh
sorry inbound links.
So this is how it works guys and it works really very amazing if you have more inbound legs than how
this is going to work.
OK Google will scan this page and then Google will scan this page.
They will also scan it and it will mark it as the inbound link.
OK so this Google scan this link and then Google will also scan this page twice.
So this will also work to create.
So make sure that you just add the inbound links like let me show you a live example.
OK.
So you can add it like a text enabled for installation for installation of Word Press in localhost click
here.
OK so I'm going to make this click here a link and that will take me to a new post.
OK let's suppose that this is a new post.
OK.
And this post has how to install WordPress in localhost.
OK so I'm going to be copying this link.
I'm going to be coming here and I'm going to be coming here.
And I said let's come here and let's save it as a draft.
And now here you can see that my this post has an inbound link.
OK so that the poor is now set to good.
I think it should be here.
OK.
I don't know what it is.
So now if I just open it up it it out OK if I just come here and I just open this post up then he will
see that it has for installation of forward press in localhost click here like I will come here he will
click here and you will be redirected to install Wordpress and localhost post that is written by you
as well and he will and he will read to Borst.
This is so helpful and the CEO the Millings also the outbound links outbound links that the Web sites
that those websites which are not your Web site.
OK I like which is not this.
So if I just want to reference something give a reference to something or if I want to just
go and get the host Geter.
OK posable that I want to refresh the host gator here.
Host gator hosting.
Go and get the host gator hosting.
I just select it and I just make it bolder and I just make it to be the outbound link and I'm going
to be entraining DTP colon slash slash skater come.
OK.
Now you can see that this post will be now made as the.
I don't think so.
Now it is good for you if you just add it.
So make sure make sure that you also add at least one outbound link here or so that the people can also
go to other Web sites that you can get for fences and it will help you a lot.
You have not used the focus keyword in any subheading.
OK.
So you can also add it like Word Press say OK we have used the focused key word.
So the keyword density is 2.6 which is over raising.
OK.
The focus keyword was found.
So you have to make sure that you just make your keyboard a little bit less so it's going to tell you
that you are using over keywords.
OK so now I can see that we have removed one keyboard from here and our website looks totally OK.
So keyword density should be 2.5 percent higher density means that how many how many times you are using
your keyword.
OK so now we have the CEO title contains the focus keyword but it does not appear in the beginning.
Try move it to the beginning.
How to Build a WordPress website so I'm going to be making it to be like OK that's OK.
You don't you don't have to worry about it.
It's just an improvement it's not necessary.
OK.
I don't think so if changing it will help me much better so you can see that now I have optimized my
website for complete thing is OK you can see everything is completed and my website is now looking totally
OK.
So now you have done you are done with the on page SEO you now know how to write a post basically which
was a very important US guys.
And congratulations on completing this.
I'm so glad that you know this.
OK so now you know this you know how to work for the CEO.
OK.
And now I'm going to be giving you the algorithms or the factors that Google has basically interviews
and say Google says that if you have it you your website will rank higher.
So we're going to be tugging on that.
That means the speed of the Web site that means also the SSL certificate and the mobile optimization.
So mobile optimization you guys already know but it is also very important and in terms of the Web site.
So in the next what you will do working up add more stuff that means the SSL and everything and also
the speed.
So we'll do our picking up speed and that Peter will come in the SSL.
So in the next what's available working at that.
Good bye guys.